![](https://javascript30.com/images/JS3-social-share.png)

# JavaScript30

#Day  1 - Drum Kit
https://drumkitskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  2 - JS & CSS Clock
https://jscssclockskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  3 - CSS Variables
https://cssvariablesskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  4 - Array Cardio Part 1
https://arraycardioskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  5 - Flex Panels
https://flexpanelsskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  6 - Ajax Type Ahead
https://ajaxskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  7 - Array Cardio Part 2
https://arraycadio2skauron.netlify.app/

#Day  8 - Fun with HTML5 Canvas
https://canvasskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  9 - Dev Tools Domination
https://devtoolsskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  10 - Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes
https://holdshiftskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  11 - Custom Video Player
https://videoplayerskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  12 - Key Sequence Detection
https://keydetectionskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  13 - Slide in on Scroll
https://scrollinskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  14 - JavaScript References VS Copying
https://jsrefvscopyingskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  15 - LocalStorage and Event Delegation
https://localstorageskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  16 - CSS Text Shadow Mouse Move Effect
https://textshadowskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  17 - Sorting Band Names without articles
https://sortwithoutarticlesskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  18 - Tally String Times with Reduce
https://addinguptimesskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  19 - Unreal Webcam Fun
https://webcamfunskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  20 - Speech Detection
https://speechdetectionskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  21 - Geolocation
https://geolocationskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  22 - Follow Along Link Highlighter
https://followalonglinkskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  23 - Speech Synthesis
https://speechsynthesisskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  24 - Sticky Nav
https://stickynavskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  25 - Event Capture, Propagation, Bubbling and Once
https://eventcapturapropagationskauron.netlify.app/

#Day  26 - Stripe Follow Along Nav
https://striperfollowalongnavskauron.netlify.app/
